---
title: "Trecvid"
collection: research
type: "Workshop"
permalink: /research/Trecvid
#venue: "UC San Francisco, Department of Testing"
#date: 2012-03-01
#location: "San Francisco, California"
---

ITU MSPR Group participates the TREC Video Retrieval Evaluation (TRECVID) in Content Based Copy Detection (CBCD) task.
The system proposed by ITU MSPR consists of two main modules: Extraction of video fingerprints and search/retrieval.
We propose a feature extraction scheme based on the Nonnegative Matrix Factorization(NMF) which is an efficient dimension 
reduction technique in video processing. Video fingerprint generation module takes the factorization matrices generated by
NMF as its input and converts them to binary hashes by differencial coding.

Extracted hashes are indexed into a database. Searching module first applies a hash matching procedure to locate potential matching points. It is followed by temporal merging that eliminates false alarms while combining subsegments. Initial results are promising for insertion of pattern, reencoding, blurring, change of gamma and noise addition. Future work will include impoving the current results
and searching for robustnessto geometric transformations such as shift, crop, flip and picture-in-picture.ITU MSPR Group participates 
the TREC Video RetrievalEvaluation (TRECVID) in Content Based Copy Detection (CBCD) task. The system proposed by ITU MSPR consists of 
two main modules: Extraction of video fingerprints and search/retrieval. We propose a feature extraction scheme based on the Nonnegative Matrix Factorization(NMF) which is an efficient dimension reduction technique in video processing. Video fingerprint generation module takes the factorization matrices generated by NMF as its input and converts them to binary hashes by differencial coding. Extracted 
hashes are indexed into a database. Searching module first applies a hash matching procedure to locate potential matching points. It is followed by temporal merging that eliminates false alarms while combining subsegments. Initial results are promising for insertion 
of pattern, reencoding, blurring, change of gamma and noise addition. Future work will include impoving the current results and 
searching for robustness to geometric transformations such as shift, crop, flip and picture-in-picture.
