---
title: "Talk 1 on Relevant Topic in Your Field"
collection: research
type: "Research"
permalink: /research/Trecvid
venue: "UC San Francisco, Department of Testing"
date: 2012-03-01
location: "San Francisco, California"
---

ITU MSPR Group participates the TREC Video Retrieval Evaluation (TRECVID) in Content Based Copy Detection (CBCD) task.
The system proposed by ITU MSPR consists of two main modules: Extraction of video fingerprints and search/retrieval.
We propose a feature extraction scheme based on the Nonnegative Matrix Factorization(NMF) which is an efficient dimension 
reduction technique in video processing. Video fingerprint generation module takes the factorization matrices generated by
NMF as its input and converts them to binary hashes by differencial coding. Extracted hashes are indexed into a database.
Searching module first applies a hash matching procedure to locate potential matching points. It is followed by temporal merging
that eliminates false alarms while combining subsegments. Initial results are promising for insertion of pattern, reencoding, 
blurring, change of gamma and noise addition. Future work will include impoving the current results and searching for robustness
to geometric transformations such as shift, crop, flip and picture-in-picture.ITU MSPR Group participates the TREC Video Retrieval
Evaluation (TRECVID) in Content Based Copy Detection (CBCD) task. The system proposed by ITU MSPR consists of two 
main modules: Extraction of video fingerprints and search/retrieval. We propose a feature extraction scheme based on the 
Nonnegative Matrix Factorization(NMF) which is an efficient dimension reduction technique in video processing. 
Video fingerprint generation module takes the factorization matrices generated by NMF as its input and 
converts them to binary hashes by differencial coding. Extracted hashes are indexed into a database. 
Searching module first applies a hash matching procedure to locate potential matching points. 
It is followed by temporal merging that eliminates false alarms while combining subsegments. 
Initial results are promising for insertion of pattern, reencoding, blurring, change of gamma 
and noise addition. Future work will include impoving the current results and searching for 
robustness to geometric transformations such as shift, crop, flip and picture-in-picture.

This is a description of your talk, which is a markdown files that can be all markdown-ified like any other post. Yay markdown!
